>> PREVIOUSLY ON NIP/TUCK...
>> BOB LEVITZ, CREATIVE ARTISTS
AGENCY.
>> YOU THOUGHT, "I'LL JUST MAKE
A FEW SNIDE REMARKS AND THEN
SEAN WILL BE ALL YOURS!"
>> THIS IS THE END OF OUR
RELATIONSHIP. DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
>> DARLING, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
>> EMME, THIS IS MA'I'I'.
>> THESE LAST DATES HAVE JUST
BEEN SO AMAZING. I MET MY
FATHER.
>> WHO IS HE?
>> MY PLASTIC SURGEON. DR. TROY.
>> YOU'VE BEEN POISONING ME.
>> AAH!
>> MS. RICHARDS, TELL US--
>> WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED TO
YOU? JESUS.
>> YEAH, I ASSUME YOU'RE
REFERRING TO MY TITS--GALE AND
BOZINA. LOOK AT THIS. I'M LIKE A
LEANING HUMAN TOWER OF PISA. I
HAVE TO USE EVERY BIT OF MY
STRENGTH NOT TO KEEP GOING
AROUND IN CIRCLES.
>> WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOUR EYES?
>> WHAT? YOU MEAN MY
DEER-IN-HEADLIGHTS LOOK? ALL I
FROM MY LIDS. NOW I LOOK LIKE
LIZA ON CRACK! AND MY LIPS. I
MEAN, I JUST WANTED MY LIPS TO
BE MORE KISSABLE FOR MY
CO-STARS.
>> THEY'VE BEEN OVER-INJECTED
WITH SILICON WOULD BE MY GUESS.
>> WHO DID THIS TO YOU?
>> DR. KUNCHAI. HE'S THE CHIEF
RESIDENT AT THE TOP
RECONSTRUCT IVE SURGERY CENTER
IN BANGKOK.
>> WHY WOULD YOU GO TO THAILAND
FOR PLASTIC SURGERY WHEN YOU
COULD'VE COME HERE?
>> WHAT? AND LET THE TABLOIDS
GET WIND OF IT? OH, COME ON, I
HAVE AN IMAGE TO PROTECT. I'M A
GODDAMN ICON.
>> I'M SORRY. I HAVE NO IDEA WHO
YOU ARE.
>> TELL HIM. TELL HIM WHO I AM.
>> CANDY RICHARDS.
>> DAMN STRAIGHT.
>> RIGHT.
>> SHE DID AN ARC ON HEARTS 'N
SCALPELS, PUSSY LIPS.
>> OH.
>> I HAVE HAD A RECURRING ROLE
ON EVERY NIGHTI'IME DRAMA SINCE
JUDGING-- GODDAMN-- AMY. I'VE
BEEN MURDERED ON LAW AND ORDER:
S.V.U. AND TRIAL BY JURY. AND
I'VE BEEN HACKED TO DEATH ON
C.S.I. THEY'RE STILL TALKING
ABOUT HOW TERRIFYING MY HEAD
LOOKED IN THE FREEZER. YOU KNOW,
I SUPPOSE I'M GOING TO HAVE TO
KISS THAT COLD CASE GOODBYE. I
MEAN, HOW CAN I PLAY A SUPREME
COURT JUSTICE WITH ONE BIG
OVERSIZED TIT AND POP EYES?
>> LOOK, WE CAN TRY TO FIX WHAT
WAS DONE TO YOU IN THAILAND.
>> OK. BUT YOU KNOW I HAVE TO BE
PROTECTED FROM THE PRESS. THE
PRESS CANNOT KNOW ABOUT THIS.
>> IF YOU DON'T TELL THEM, THEY
WON'T KNOW.
>> MS. RICHARDS, I KNOW HOW BUSY
YOU ARE, HOW SOON WOULD YOU LIKE
THIS DONE?
[FAME BEGINS]
>> * I'M GONNA LIVE FOREVER,
I'M GONNA LEARN HOW TO FLY *
>> * HIGH *
>> * I FEEL IT COMING TOGETHER,
PEOPLE WILL SEE ME AND CRY *
>> * FAME *
>> * I'M GONNA MAKE IT
TO HEAVEN,
LIGHT UP THE SKY LIKE A FLAME *
>> * FAME *
>> LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, CANDY
RICHARDS, LEGEND IN HER OWN
MIND.
>> SHE'S JUST CHASING WHAT
EVERYONE ELSE IS CHASING. AT
LEAST SHE GETS WORK. YOU SHOULD
SEE SOME OF THE PEOPLE IN MY
ACTING CLASS.
>> YOU'RE TAKING AN ACTING
CLASS?
>> MM-HMM.
>> DON'T YOU DO ENOUGH ACTING IN
THE BARS PICKING UP THE WOMEN,
PRETENDING THAT YOU'RE CHARMING
AND LIKABLE?
>> JESUS, YOU'VE REALLY FALLEN
FOR THIS HOLLYWOOD SHIT, HAVEN'T
YOU?
>> HYPOCRISY DOESN'T BECOME
YOU, SEAN. FAME IS THE V.I.P.
PASS TO WHATEVER YOU WANT. AND
EVERYBODY WANTS IT, INCLUDING
ME.
>> WELL, TAKE MINE. PEOPLE COME
UP TO ME AND WANT MY AUTOGRAPH
BECAUSE I PLAY A DOCTOR ON TV. I
PRETEND TO DO THE THING I
ACTUALLY DO AND SUDDENLY I'M
COOL.
>> WHAT HAPPENED TO BECOMING
FAMOUS FOR BEING REALLY GOOD AT
SOMETHING?
>> IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT YOU DO
ANYMORE, LIZZIE. IT'S HOW MANY
PEOPLE HEAR ABOUT.
>> HEH.
[MEDICAL MACHINE BEEPS SOFI'LY]
>> WHAT'S THE MATTER?
>> CLOSE IT UP. JULIA'S
BEEN SHOT.
>> * MAKE ME BEAUTIFUL *
* MAKE ME,
A PERFECT SOUL,
A PERFECT MIND,
A PERFECT FACE,
A PERFECT...
LIFE *
>> SHE PUT THE GUN TO HER HEAD.
I BEGGED HER NOT TO. I KEPT
SAYING HOW MUCH MOM LOVED HER
AND ANNIE.
>> WHAT DID SHE SAY?
>> SHE SAID SHE HAD BECOME A
BURDEN TO EVERYBODY. THAT SHE
WAS HIDEOUS. THAT SHE COULDN'T
LOOK IN THE MIRROR. SHE DIDN'T
EVEN RECOGNIZED HERSELF. I
MEAN--
>> IT'S OK, BABY.
YOU TRIED TO STOP HER.
>> IS THAT WHEN YOU CALLED 911?
>> I WAS ABOUT TO...WHEN SHE
PULLED THE TRIGGER. THEN SHE
FELL TO THE FLOOR. THERE WAS
BLOOD EVERYWHERE.
>> THE BULLET ENTERED AT A
STRANGE ANGLE.
IF SHE WAS HOLDING A GUN TO
THE SIDE OF HER HEAD--
>> I TRIED TO KNOCK HER ARM
AWAY. BUT I COULDN'T STOP HER.
>> DOESN'T MAKE ANY SENSE. IF
THE GUN WAS IN THE NIGHT TABLE
BY THE BED, WHY DIDN'T SHE JUST
SHOOT HERSELF IN THERE? SO SHE
CAN SHOOT HERSELF IN FRONT OF
YOU?!
>> SHE'S UPSET, SEAN. DON'T PUSH
HER. SHE CAN'T KNOW WHAT WAS IN
JULIA'S MIND.
>> THE JULIA YOU AND I KNOW
WOULDN'T TRY TO TAKE HER OWN
LIFE. SHE WOULDN'T DO THAT TO
HER KIDS! WHY DIDN'T SHE LEAVE A
NOTE?! THERE'S SOMETHING--
THERE'S SOMETHING
YOU'RE NOT TELLING US.
>> YOU'RE UPSET. DR. MCNAMARA,
WHY NOT LEAVE THE INVESTIGATION
TO THE POLICE?
>> LOOK, I'VE TREATED ENOUGH
SUICIDE ATI'EMPTS TO KNOW THAT
WOMEN DON'T USUALLY CHOOSE A GUN
TO END IT. THEY'RE MUCH TOO
VAIN.
>> SHE HAD NO VANITY LEFI', SEAN!
>> YOU'RE LYING, EDEN! TELL US
WHAT REALLY HAPPENED GODDAMN IT!
>> DR. MCNAMARA.
>> MY 18-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER'S
BEEN TRAUMATIZED. DO YOU
UNDERSTAND? COULD YOU TRY TO
REMEMBER THAT AND STOP
DEFLECTING YOUR OWN GUILT ONTO
HER?
>> MY GUILT? FOR WHAT?
>> WELL, CLEARLY YOU DIDN'T
UNDERSTAND HOW DEPRESSED JULIA
WAS. YOU NEVER ACCEPTED THE
DEPTH OF HER DESPAIR DURING YOUR
MARRIAGE EITHER. YOUR LYING,
CHEATING. SHE SAID THE ONLY WAY
FOR HER TO GET YOUR ATTENTION
WAS TO SCREAM AT YOU OR SCREW
YOU. SO THE FACT IS, YOU NEVER
KNEW HER WELL ENOUGH TO KNOW SHE
WOULD DO THIS TO HERSELF.
[FOOTSTEPS]
>> THEY'RE TRYING TO PLAY THIS
OFF AS A SUICIDE ATTEMPT.
>> MAYBE SHE WAS DEPRESSED.
>> ARE YOU KIDDING?
>> WE'VE SEEN PATIENTS WITH
CHRONIC ILLNESS. TAKES THE LIFE
OUT OF YOU. THAT PLUS THE FACT
THAT FOR THE FIRST TIME IN 25
YEARS, SHE DIDN'T HAVE EITHER OF
US TO TURN TO.
>> JESUS, CHRISTIAN, I KNOW
YOU'RE AN EGO MANIAC, BUT EVEN
YOU MUST KNOW THAT JULIA
WOULDN'T KILL HERSELF JUST
BECAUSE YOU DUMPED HER. THE ONLY
THING YOU'RE RESPONSIBLE FOR IS
HELPING HER BUY THAT GUN.
>> ALL RIGHT.
HERE'S WHAT WE KNOW.
THE BULLET PENETRATED THE
CALVARIUM N EAR TH E TEM PORAL
LOBE. IT SEEMS TO HAVE GRAZED
THE DURA AND EXITED WITHOUT ANY
DIRECT BRAIN PENETRATION.
>> IS THERE A SUBDURAL HEMOTOMA?
>> WELL, THAT WAS OUR MAJOR
CONCERN. WE INSERTED A
VENTRICULOSTOMY TO RELIEVE THE
PRESSURE. BUT THERE WAS
CONSIDERABLE SWELLING.
>> WILL THERE BE ANY LONG-TERM
DAMAGE?
>> PROBABLY.
>> HOW LONG WILL SHE BE
COMATOSE?
>> YOU'RE BOTH DOCTORS, SO I
WON'T BULLSHIT. I DON'T KNOW.
COULD BE AN HOUR, MONTH.
COULD BE CONSIDERABLY LONGER.
>> WOW.
NICE OFFICE.
>> WE LIKE TO MAKE ALL OUR
PATIENTS FEEL COMFORTABLE. AHEM.
>> YEP.
>> YOU WERE VERY GOOD AT THAT IF
I REMEMBER CORRECTLY.
>> SO, DARLENE, TELL ME WHAT YOU
DON'T LIKE ABOUT YOURSELF.
>> HEH.
YOU REALLY DON'T REMEMBER ME, DO
YOU? OF COURSE, IT HAS BEEN 25
YEARS. AND THEY'VE BEEN A LOT
KINDER TO YOU, I MUST SAY.
>> WE'VE MET BEFORE.
>> 1982. FT. LAUDERDALE. SPRING
BREAK.
YOU WERE JUST STARTING COLLEGE,
I THINK, AND I SERVED YOU A
DRINK AT THE SAND DAB EVEN
THOUGH I KNEW YOU WERE UNDER
AGE.
>> STILL NOT COMING TO ME.
>> WELL, THAT'S FUNNY BECAUSE
IT'S SO CLEAR IN MY MIND. BUT A
WOMAN NEVER DOES FORGET HER
FIRST.
>> YOUR FIRST, REALLY? IT MIGHT
HAVE BEEN A LONG TIME AGO, BUT I
THINK I WOULD REMEMBER SLEEPING
WITH SOMEBODY AS...DYNAMIC AS
YOURSELF.
>> I DIDN'T LOSE THE LEGS UNTIL
'98. DIABETES. EVERYTHING ELSE
JUST SORT OF FOLLOWED SUIT AFTER
THAT. BUT I WAS QUITE A KNOCKOUT
IN MY HEYDAY. HERE. THIS'LL JAR
YOUR MEMORY.
>> WOW. THAT WAS YOU.
>> YEAH.
YOU HAVEN'T CHANGED MUCH. AND
THAT'S HOW I WAS SO SURE THAT IT
WAS YOU WHEN I SAW YOUR PICTURE
IN PLAYGIRL MAGAZINE. MY
SUBSCRIPTION IS KINDA THE ONLY
ACTION I'VE BEEN GETTING THESE
DAYS, IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
>> DOES LOOK A LOT LIKE ME.
>> YOU STILL DON'T BELIEVE ME?
>> AHH.
MY FIRST YEARS IN COLLEGE WERE
MEMORABLE IN THE SENSE THAT I
DON'T REALLY REMEMBER THAT MUCH.
I'D BE LYING IF I SAID THAT I
DID. EVEN IF WE HAD A THING
ONCE. BUT WHY DON'T WE GET BACK
TO HOW--
>> A THING?
WE HAD MORE THAN JUST A THING,
CHRISTIAN. WE HAD A DAUGHTER.
EMME LOWELL CAME IN HERE A
COUPLE OF WEEKS AGO. HAD THAT
BIRTHMARK REMOVED FROM HER FACE.
WELL, SHE SLEPT WITH YOUR SON.
AND NOW I'M HERE TO TELL YOU
THEY ARE IN LOVE, AND WE GOTTA
DO SOMETHING ABOUT THAT.
>> DON'T GIVE 'EM TOO MUCH,
SWEETH EART.
>> SO WHAT'D YOU WANT TO TALK
ABOUT?
>> FIRST OF ALL, I NEED YOU TO
KNOW HOW MUCH I LOVE YOU. NO
MATTER WHAT, I'M YOUR DAD. I'M
HERE. AND I AM NOT GOING
ANYWHERE. YOU UNDERSTAND?
>> WHAT'S WRONG?
DADDY, WHAT'S WRONG?
IS IT MOMMY?
[MUFFLED VOICES YELLING]
>> I'LL BE RIGHT BACK, HONEY.
>> GET YOUR FAT ASS OUT OF MY
WAY!
>> OK, LISTEN, YOU HAVE A
RESTRAINING ORDER, OK? YOU GOTTA
GET OFF THE PREMISES RIGHT THIS
WAY.
>> YOU NEED TO LEAVE RIGHT NOW,
COLLEEN. YOU'RE BREAKING THE
LAW.
>> OH, SEAN, I JUST NEED YOUR
HELP, PLEASE. I APOLOGIZE,
LIZ. I DIDN'T MEAN TO TALK LIKE
THAT. IT'S JUST I'M EMOTIONAL.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO SCARE YOU.
>> I'VE GOT A FAMILY CRISIS AND
REAL PATIENTS WHO REQUIRE MY
ATTENTION. YOU NEED TO LEAVE.
>> I JUST NEED YOU TO FIX
THESE FOR ME. PLEASE, YOU OWE ME
THAT MUCH.
>> WE'VE GOT NO MORE BUSINESS
TOGETHER. ZERO! YOU SHOULD BE IN
A HOSPITAL.
>> THEY KICKED ME OUT BECAUSE I
DON'T HAVE ANY INSURANCE. LOOK,
I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED. ALL
RIGHT? I'M JUST SOME GIRL FROM
OHIO. AND I DIDN'T KNOW HOW TO
PROTECT MYSELF. IT'S JUST LIKE
THOSE TWISTERS BACK HOME WHEN
FAMILIES WHERE CARRIED AWAY IN
THEIR BEDS. I GOT CAUGHT UP IN
THE INSANITY OF THE FAME GAME.
AND IT DESTROYED ME.
>> COLLEEN, COME ON.
>> NO. PLEASE, SEAN, JUST HELP
ME START OVER. JUST SOME PLACE
NEW. I COULD OPEN UP A BED AND
BREAKFAST. BUT I CAN'T DO
ANYTHING WITH THESE SCARS. EVERY
GASH JUST SCREAMS, "SHE'S SOME
SUICIDAL LUNATIC. SHE'S A
SELF-PITYING LOSER!"
>> COLLEEN, I AM WALKING TO THE
PHONE, AND I AM CALLING THE
POLICE RIGHT NOW.
>> YOU DID THIS TO ME. AND YOU
WILL FIX THEM!
>> ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO. COME ON.
COME HERE. GIVE ME A HAND.
>> COME ON, YOU STUPID OLD
BITCH .
>> YOU'RE A MURDERER! YOU
DESTROYED MY SOUL.
YOU'LL BE SORRY FOR THIS,
I SWEAR!
>> LEAVE ME ALONE, YOU
UNDERSTAND? THIS IS IT FOR US!
THIS IS IT! I'M GOING INSIDE AND
I'M CALLING THE POLICE.
>> FREAK.
>> MOM, I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU
ACTUALLY GOT ON A PLANE.
>> WELL, WHAT WAS I SUPPOSED TO
DO? LEAVE YOU HERE ALONE WHILE I
KNEW WHAT WAS GOING ON?
>> I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU ACTUALLY
TOLD HER.
>> I TELL MOM EVERYTHING.
>> YOU KNOW, BY THE WAY, MRS.
LOWELL, IT IS NICE TO MEET YOU--
>> ALL RIGHT, YOU NEED TO STOP
THE ASS KISSING. YOU HEAR ME?
YOU'RE NOT GOING TO SCORE ANY
POINTS HERE.
>> YOU KNOW WHAT, MAN? THINGS
ARE STRESSFUL ENOUGH AS IT IS
RIGHT NOW WITH MOM BEING IN THE
HOSPITAL. DO YOU REALLY NEED TO
GET SO WOUND UP?
>> WOUND UP? IF YOU'RE MOTHER
WAS HERE, HER HEAD WOULD BE
SPINNING RIGHT AROUND.
I CAN'T BELIEVE I HAVE TO SAY
THIS, BUT YOU CAN'T SLEEP WITH
YOUR SISTER AGAIN.
>> YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT'S GOING
ON HERE.
>> OH, REALLY? ENLIGHTEN ME.
>> JUST SO THAT I'M CLEAR. YOU
DID TELL ME THAT YOU SLEPT
TOGETHER, RIGHT?
>> BUT WE DIDN'T KNOW WE COULD
BE RELATED AT THE TIME. WE JUST
FELT THIS CONNECTION.
>> YEAH. IT'S CALLED D.N.A.
>> WELL, IF YOU MEAN IT WAS THE
MOST INTENSE REAL CHEMICAL-LIKE
JOINING OF 2 SOULS THAT I'VE
EVER FELT, THEN YEAH, MAN,
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT IT IS.
>> WHAT? WHAT IS THE MATTER
WITH YOU? YOU HAVE SOME KIND OF
MENTAL ILLNESS. EVERY DECISION
YOU MAKE IS ABSOLUTE BAT SHIT.
>> WELL, HEY, LIKE FATHER LIKE
SON.
>> LOOK, HOW MANY WOMEN HAVE YOU
BEDDED IN YOUR LIFETIME,
CHRISTIAN, HUH? COUPLE THOUSAND?
NOW OTHER THAN ME, NO MISTAKES
HAVE COME FORWARD CLAIMING
PATERNITY. SO WHEN EMME TOLD ME
HER STORY, QUITE FRANKLY I
DIDN'T THINK IT HELD WATER. I'M
SORRY, DARLENE, BUT I DIDN'T
BELIEVE YOU.
>> IF YOUR FATHER AND I HANDED
YOU PROOF, WOULD YOU BELIEVE ME?
LOOK, I KNOW THAT YOU ARE BOTH
IN DENIAL, BUT THAT'S WHY WE HAD
THE BLOOD WORK DONE AND MATCHED
AGAINST YOUR MEDICAL RECORDS.
EMME, HE'S YOUR FATHER.
>> REALLY?
SO THEN YOU AND I ARE REALLY--
>> THAT'S OK. STEP KIDS
SEPARATED A FEW YEARS EXCHANGING
FAMILY FLUIDS IS NOT THE END OF
THE WORLD. BUT YOU HAVE TO STOP
NOW. ALL RIGHT? YOU NEED TO
SETTLE THINGS DOWN.
>> SO, WE'RE ALL FAMILY NOW?
>> OH, LET'S NOT GET
SENTIMENTAL, ALL RIGHT. CONNECT
THE DOTS WHEN WE NEED TO--WHERE
ARE YOU GOING?!
>> I GOTTA SEE MOM. I CAN'T BE
HERE RIGHT NOW.
>> OH, YOU LET HIM GO,
SWEETH EART.
>> HE'S MY BROTHER. I CAN STILL
BE THERE FOR SUPPORT, RIGHT?
>> DO YOU DRINK?
>> OH, YEAH. WHERE DO YOU KEEP
THE GOOD STUFF?
>> WHAT ARE WE LOOKING AT,
NURSE?!
>> 33-YEAR-OLD MALE PHOTOGRAPHER
WAS OUTSIDE THE IW. MADE THE
MISTAKE OF TRYING TO PHOTOGRAPH
RUSSELL CROWE, WOUND UP WITH A
CAMERA IMBEDDED IN HIS RECTUM.
>> WHO ARE THOSE PEOPLE?
>> OH, THOSE ARE HIS FRIENDS,
DOCTOR. THE OTHER PAPARAZZI.
>> HE'S GOING TO NEED SURGERY.
WE'LL MAKE A SMALL PFANNENSTEIL
INCISION, DO A LAPAROTOMY, AND
WE'LL HAVE HIM BACK ON THE
BOULEVARD COMPROMISING CELEBRITY
PRIVACY IN NO TIME. AND PEOPLE,
LET'S TRY AND SAVE THAT CAMERA.
IT'S A DAMN GOOD LEICA.
15 BLADE.
>> CUT!
>> HOW'D YOU GET BACK ON THE
LOT, COLLEEN? YOUR OLD PASS?
>> YOU KNOW ME, SEAN. I NEVER
TAKE NO FOR AN ANSWER.
>> SOMEBODY GET SECURITY. GET
THIS CRAZY BITCH OUT OF HERE.
THERE'S A RESTRAINING ORDER OUT
ON HER!
>> YOU! YOU WILL RECOGNIZE ME AS
THE TRUE GREATNESS IN YOUR LIFE
IF IT TAKES ME TO MY LAST
BREATH. SEAN, PLEASE DON'T LET
THEM TAKE ME. PLEASE, NO! NO!
>> YOU NEED TO PRESS CHARGES,
SEAN. SHE NEEDS TO BE LOCKED UP.
[LAUGHING]
>> ...AND THEN EMME SAYS, "IT'S
NOT MINE, OFFICER. IT'S MY
RACCOON . "
[CHRISTIAN LAUGHING]
>> SHE MUST HAVE BEEN A FUNNY
KID.
DO YOU REALIZE THAT THE ONLY ONE
OF MY 3 CHILDREN THAT I ACTUALLY
TAKE CARE OF IS THE ONLY ONE
THAT ISN'T MINE?
>> WELL, AFTER GETTING TO KNOW
YOU, I THINK THAT'S FOR THE
BEST.
HOW'S MATT'S MOM DOING?
> > SHE'S FINE.
>> NO, DON'T YOU PEE ON MY BACK
AND TELL ME IT'S RAIN.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
>> IT'S KINDA WEIRD. I FEEL
RESPONSIBLE. WITH HER AND EMME,
IT'S BEEN KIND OF A SURREAL
WEEK.
>> WELL, TO HOLLYWOOD--LAND OF
THE SURREAL.
>> HA HA HA.
YOU KNOW WHAT, DARLENE? I CAN'T
REMEMBER DOING YOU, BUT I CAN
SEE WHY I DID.
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
> > IT'S NOTHING.
IT'S JUST--I'M SUCH AN IDIOT. I
HAVEN'T GOTTEN MANY COMPLIMENTS
SINCE...
I FIGURE I AM AN 8. BUT SINCE
HALF OF ME IS GONE, I'M ONLY A
4.
>> YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL, DARLENE. I
MEAN A LITTLE WET AROUND THE
EDGES. BUT YOU'RE STILL VERY
BEAUTIFUL.
SERIOUSLY.
>> OH, I HAVEN'T BEEN KISSED
LIKE THAT IN A LONG TIME,
CH RISTIAN .
[PASSIONATE GRUNTING/MOANING]
>> [GRUNTS]
WELL, I HAVEN'T HAD THAT MUCH TO
DRINK IN A LONG TIME.
>> HEH.
DO YOU HAVE TO GO TO WORK?
>> YEAH. SURGERY IN AN HOUR.
YOU GONNA BE OK GETTING OUT OF
HERE ON YOUR OWN. I MEAN, DO I
HAVE TO ORDER YOU SOME KIND OF
SPECIAL CAB OR SOMETHING BECAUSE
OF YOUR LEGS?
>> I CAN HANDLE MYSELF.
>> THAT'S NOT WHAT I MEANT.
> > I KNOW.
I DO EVERY NIGHT.
> > EXCUSE ME.
>> YOU SAID YOU NEVER DRANK LIKE
THAT. I DO EVERY NIGHT.
12 PACK OF BEER HELPS ME SLEEP.
>> I'M SORRY, DARLENE. I
SHOULDN'T HAVE DONE THIS.
>> NO. NO, I'M GLAD YOU DID.
THE TRUTH IS I HAVEN'T BEEN LAID
IN A LONG TIME. AND LAST TIME
WASN'T HALF AS GOOD AS THAT
RIDE.
GOD, I'M SO OLD. YOU KNOW, I
SPENT THE LAST 25 YEARS
FANTASYING ABOUT YOU, WONDERING
HOW'D YOU TURN OUT.
>> HOW'S REALITY COMPARED TO
FANTASY?
>> I HAVE A REALLY GOOD
IMAGINATION.
WILL YOU DO SOMETHING FOR ME?
>> SURE.
>> WILL YOU MAKE ME LOOK LIKE
YOU MADE ME FEEL LAST NIGHT?
>> YOU WANT ME TO OPERATE ON
YOU?
>> YEAH.
I SPENT MY YOUTH ON EMME. AND
THAT WAS A GOOD DEAL. I WOULD DO
THAT AGAIN TODAY. BUT I THINK
SOMEHOW I JUST THOUGHT IT WOULD
ALL COME BACK. AND THEN I LOST
MY LEGS BECAUSE OF THE DIABETES.
IT ALL SLIPPED AWAY. I KNOW I'M
NOT GOING TO GET THAT TIME BACK.
AND I ALSO KNOW THAT I'M SURELY
NOT GETTING MY LEGS BACK. BUT
MAYBE YOU CAN GIVE ME MY FACE
BACK.
>> YOU WANT TO TAKE A SHOWER
FIRST?
[INDISTINCT MUTTERING]
>> OH, DOCTOR, I LOVE YOU! MUAH!
MUAH! OW. YOU'RE THE BOMB.
AND I AM THE BOMB. ACTUALLY, I'M
A GHOST. MY AGENT JUST CALLED.
AND I JUST GOT AN OFFER TO PLAY
A RUSSIAN BALLERINA ON THE GHOST
WHISPERER. SHE HAS A VERY BAD
BRAIN ANEURYSM. SHE DIES DURING
A VERY TRAGIC PAS DE DEUX.
THAT'S WHY I HAVE TO PERFECT MY
RONDE DE JAMBES. WHEN CAN I
START BALLET CLASS? WE SHOOT IN
A WEEK.
>> CANDY, YOU NEED TO GET BACK
INTO BED OR YOUR SWELLING WON'T
GO DOWN. YOU WON'T EVEN BE ABLE
TO SHOOT FROM A WHEELCHAIR.
>> YOU KNOW THIS IS GOING TO BE
SUCH A GREAT ROLE FOR MY RETURN.
> > EXCUSE ME.
>> HEY, EXCUSE ME! THIS IS A
PRIVATE ROOM AND THERE WILL BE
NO AUTOGRAPHS.
>> I'M SORRY. MY NAME IS GARY
GOLD. AND I'M--I'M BOB LEVITZ'S
PARTNER.
>> SO, YOU WORKED WITH BOB AT
C.A.A.?
>> UH, NO. NO. I MEANT LIFE
PARTNERS.
UH, PLEASE FORGIVE ME FOR THIS
INTRUSION. BUT, UH, I'M GOING
INSANE. YOU'RE ONE OF THE LAST
PEOPLE TO SEE HIM. AND I'M SORRY
BUT I REALLY CAN'T WRAP MY MIND
AROUND THIS WHOLE I'M LEAVING
YOU AND GOING TO DARFUR THING.
>> HIS SUDDEN DEPARTURE WAS A
SURPRISE. THERE WERE NO SIGNS
THAT HE WAS DISSATISFIED WITH
HIS LIFE.
>> A SURPRISE? HOW ABOUT YOUR
COULD HAVE KNOCKED ME OVER WITH
A FEATHER? LOOK, I LOVE BOB.
HE'S A TON OF FUN. HE'S GREAT IN
BED. BUT A HUMANITARIAN? WE
DON'T EVEN RECYCLE. LOOK, I'M AT
MY WITS END. THE POLICE REFUSE
TO CONSIDER HIM A MISSING
PERSON, AND THEY'RE SICK AND
TIRED OF ME--
>> WAIT, WAIT--GO BACK A SECOND.
THE POLICE?
ARE YOU SAYING YOU SUSPECT FOUL
PLAY?
>> YEAH.
>> I DON'T MEAN TO BE
INSENSITIVE, BUT HAVE YOU
CONSIDERED...
>> OH, NO. NO. NO. HE DIDN'T RUN
OFF WITH SOME TWINK OR DISAPPEAR
TO A CARIBBEAN ISLAND WITH A NEW
IDENTITY. NO. DIDN'T HAPPEN. I
KNOW SOMEONE FORCED HIM TO WRITE
THAT EMAIL OR SOMEONE ELSE WROTE
IT ON HIS BLACKBERRY PRETENDING
TO BE HIM. I JUST DON'T KNOW WHO
THAT PERSON WOULD BE.
>> YES, THIS IS DR. MCNAMARA.
I'M CALLING ABOUT JULIA
MCNAMARA. UH-HUH...YES...
HOW'S HER I.C.P. LOOKING? AND
HOW MUCH C.S.F. HAVE YOU TAPPED
OFF...THAT'S GOOD...ALL RIGHT.
AND THE VENTRIC IS WORKING
PROPERLY? OK.
NO. I'M NOT IN FAVOR OF PUTTING
HER INTO A HYPOTHERMIC COMA. NO.
I--I THINK IT'S TOO RISKY. AND
IT'S TOO SOON...
I'D RATHER STICK WITH THE
CURRENT PROTOCOL--
>> YOU'RE PAYING FOR A NEW
ARMOIRE.
>> SHE STUFFED HIM?
JESUS, WHAT A HORRIBLE WAY TO
GO.
>> ANYTHING?
>> HER PASSPORT WAS SCANNED AT
THE TIJUANA BORDER CROSSING. THE
FEDS ARE ON IT, THOUGH. THEY
GOTTA LOT OF GOOD CONNECTIONS
WITH THE POLICIA DOWN THERE.
WE'LL GET HER BACK.
>> HOW DELUDED COULD I HAVE
BEEN? I'M NOT STUPID. I KNOW HOW
TO READ PEOPLE. I CAN SPOT A NUT
IN A CONSULT BEFORE THEY SIT
DOWN.
>> I GUESS YOU WERE JUST BLINDED
BY THE LIGHT OF YOUR BIG SHINING
STAR. LET'S FACE IT, THAT'S
SHOW'S BEEN NOTHING BUT PROBLEMS
SINCE DAY ONE.
>> IT'S NOT THE SHOW. THE SHOW'S
BEEN GOOD FOR BUSINESS AND FOR
ME.
>> YOU SEE? YOU'RE SO DRUNK ON
YOUR OWN 15 MINUTES, YOU CAN'T
SEE THIS IS WRECKING YOUR LIFE!
[MEDICAL MACHINE BEEPING SOl-TLY]
>> I APOLOGIZE FOR ATTACKING YOU
BACK AT THE HOUSE. I GOT CAUGHT
UP IN THAT BULLSHIT JUST AS MUCH
YOU DID. MAYBE EVEN MORE. IF I
HADN'T, NONE OF THIS WOULD HAVE
HAPPENED. IF I HADN'T DONE THAT
STUPID PLAYGIRL SPREAD, SHE
WOULDN'T HAVE SEEN IT, THEN HER
DAUGHTER--MY DAUGHTER--SHE
WOULDN'T HAVE COME LOOKING FOR
ME. I WOULDN'T HAVE INTRODUCED
HER TO MATT. I MEAN, I
PRACTICALLY FORCED THEM TO SLEEP
WITH EACH OTHER.
>> I'M GONNA GIVE HER SOME
INSULIN. HER PULSE IS ERADICATE.
>> OK.
>> I DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY HELL
WE'RE GONNA DO ABOUT MATT. HE'S
NOT STILL--
>> MM-MMM. IT WAS ONE DUMB
THING, ALL RIGHT. ONCE HE FOUND
OUT SHE WAS HIS--WHATEVER--HE'S
DONE WITH IT--HER.
>> I CAN'T BELIEVE A WORD THAT
COMES OUT OF HIS MOUTH. IT'S THE
ONE GOOD THING ABOUT JULIA BEING
IN A COMA, SHE DOESN'T HAVE TO
KNOW WHAT HE'S DONE.
>> LOOK. I KNOW YOU GUYS GOT
STUFF GOING ON THAT YOU DON'T
WANT TO SHARE WITH ME, AND I
RESPECT THAT. I ALWAYS HAVE. BUT
THERE'S SOMETHING I WANT TO SAY
TO THE BOTH OF YOU.
>> IF WE SAY NO, WILL YOU SAY IT
ANYWAY?
>> HERE'S THE THING. EVERY IDIOT
OUT HERE WANTS TO BE FAMOUS. BUT
YOU--YOU GUYS GOT SOMETHING
BETTER. YOU GOT RESPECT --AS
DOCTORS, AS SKILLED PHYSICIANS.
AND YOU DIDN'T GET THIS
RECOGNITION BY GOING OUT AND
LOOKING FOR IT. YOU GOT IT
BECAUSE YOU GOT TALENT. YOU GOT
INTEGRITY. OK. MAYBE NOT
INTEGRITY. BUT BECAUSE YOU TOOK
ON SOME PRETTY AMAZING CASES
THAT NO ONE ELSE WOULD TOUCH
WITH A 10 FOOT 15 BLADE. SO DO
WHAT YOU DO BEST. DO WHAT YOU DO
BETTER THAN ANYONE ELSE AND
SCREW THE REST.
>> THE HOSPITAL JUST CALLED.
JULIA'S AWAKE.
>> THANK YOU. I'M ON MY WAY.
>> WHO WAS THAT?
>> JULIA'S AWAKE. THANK GOD. I'M
GOING OVER IF YOU WANT TO COME.
I NEED TO GO SWEETHEART. IF
YOU'RE COMING--
>> WAIT. THERE'S SOMETHING I
HAVE TO TELL YOU.
YOU HAVE TO HELP ME, MOMMY.
I NEED YOUR HELP.
>> WE'LL TAKE ONE CAR. IT'LL BE
FASTER. IF I DRIVE IT WILL.
>> HEY, PLEASE, DON'T GO OUT
THERE. THEY'RE SWARMING. THE
LOCUSTS.
>> THE WHAT?
>> THE PAPARAZZI. THEY'RE RIGHT
OUTSIDE THE DOOR. AND THEY KNOW
I'M IN HERE. AND THEY ARE DYING
TO GET A PHOTO OF ME
POST-SURGERY.
>> JUST GO BACK TO RECOVERY OR
TAKE THE SIDE DOOR.
>> NO. NO, WHAT I MEANT WAS I
DON'T WANT YOU BLOCKING MY BIG
EXIT. THEY'RE ALL SETTING UP FOR
ME RIGHT NOW. AND I TOLD THEM TO
COME HERE AT 2:00.
>> YOU CALLED THEM? I THOUGHT
YOU DIDN'T WANT ANYBODY TO KNOW
YOU WERE GETTING WORK DONE?
>> YOU KNOW, DOCTOR, IF A TREE
FALLS IN THE WOODS AND 2 DOZEN
NERDS WITH CAMERAS AREN'T THERE
TO PUT IT ONLINE, DOES IT REALLY
MAKE A SOUND? I DON'T THINK SO.
AND YOU WANT TO KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE THAT TREE DOESN'T KNOW
WHAT IT TAKES TO BE FAMOUS. AND
I DO. SO IF YOU DON'T MIND, I'D
LIKE YOU DO STAY RIGHT HERE. I
DON'T WANT YOU TO RUIN MY
ENTRANCE.
>> IT'S ME.
>> DR. MCNAMARA, WHAT CAN YOU
TELL US ABOUT COLLEEN ROSE?
>> IS IT TRUE SHE HAD AIDEN
FIRED TO FURTHER YOUR CAREER?
>> DID YOU TELL HER TO KILL YOUR
AGENT?
[CAMERA SHUTTERS CLICKING]
>> WHAT ABOUT YOUR WIFE? WERE
YOU INVOLVED IN HER SHOOTING AS
WELL?
>> BUCK OFF...
>> WHY ARE THEY DOING THIS?
>> YOU'RE A PUBLIC PERSON NOW,
BUDDY BOY. THEY OWN YOU. NOTHING
IS OFF LIMITS.
>> HEY DO WE KNOW ANYTHING?
>> ONLY THAT'S SHE'S AWAKE.
>> HEY, JULES, HOW YA DOIN'?
>> YOU LOOK GOOD.
>> HOW'S IT GOING, MOM?
>> I'M SO GLAD YOU'RE OK.
I WAS SO SCARED.
>> YOU'RE A LOVELY GIRL.
DOES SHE BELONG TO ONE OF YOU?
>> THE DOCTORS CALL IT
RETROGRADE AMNESIA. ALL HER
MEMORIES--EVERYTHING BEFORE THE
GUN SHOT HAVE DISAPPEARED.
>> FOR HOW LONG?
>> NO ONE KNOWS.
>> YOU SURE YOU DON'T MIND?
>> NO, OF COURSE NOT. I'LL TAKE
HER FOR A BITE TO EAT AND MEET
YOU BACK AT THE HOUSE.
>> JUST FEEL LIKE I WANNA STAY A
LITTLE BIT, KEEP HER COMPANY.
>> I GET IT.
HEY, YOU. YOU FEEL LIKE GOING TO
JOHNNY ROCKETS? HUH?
>> COME HERE. I'LL CATCH UP WITH
YOU GUYS LATER, OK?
>> COME ON. LET'S GO GET SOME
BURGERS AND FRIES.
>> WHY DON'T I TAKE A LOOK AT
ALL THAT STITCHING THEY DID?
SEE HOW IT'S COMING ALONG.
THEY DID A GOOD JOB. I COULDN'T
HAVE DONE IT BETTER MYSELF. IT'S
GOOD TO KEEP IT LUBRICATED.
>> ARE YOU A DOCTOR?
>> PLASTIC SURGEON.
>> IS THAT HOW WE KNOW EACH
OTHER? BECAUSE I HAD PLASTIC
SURGERY?
>> NO.
I'M YOU'RE HUSBAND.
WE MET IN COLLEGE.
COLLEGE SWEETH EARTS.
THAT'S WHEN WE GOT MARRIED.
>> [INDISTINCT]
WE'RE STILL MARRIED?
>> WE'RE STILL MARRIED. AND WE
HAVE 3 BEAUTIFUL CHILDREN. AND
WE'RE AS HAPPY NOW AS WE WERE
THEN. AND EVERYTHING IS JUST...
PERFECT.
>> MUSIC?
YOU KNOW, THE FACT THAT YOU'RE
MOM'S TALKING IS A GREAT SIGN.
EVEN IF SHE DOESN'T RECOGNIZE
YOU RIGHT NOW. YOU KNOW IT'S NOT
PERSONAL RIGHT?
>> DOESN'T MATTER. SHE DOESN'T
REALLY KNOW WHO I AM ANYWAY.
>> LOOK, I KNOW HOW HARD THIS IS
FOR YOU...WHAT THE HELL?
>> BEHIND YOU!
WAIT HERE, ALL RIGHT. LOOK, JUST
LEAVE US--WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU
DOING? ALL RIGHT, LOOK, I'M NOT
SEAN. AND YOU'RE SCARING HIS
DAUGHTER.
>> THAT'S WHOSE PICTURE WE WANT.
GET OUT OF THE WAY!
>> WHAT ARE YOU DOING?! JESUS
CHRIST! GET OUT OF MY WAY.
>> WHY WON'T THEY LEAVE US
ALONE?!
>> I DON'T KNOW HONEY. JUST PUT
YOUR HEAD DOWN. OK. WE'RE GONNA
BE FINE, ALL RIGHT? GET THE HELL
OUT OF MY WAY, YOU ASSHOLE!
GET OUT OF THE WAY!
[HORN HONKS]
[CAR ALARM BLARING]
>> THANKS FOR LUNCH, MATT. I'M
GLAD I GOT TO THOSE HANDPRINTS
IN THE CEMENT AT THE CHINESE
THEATER BEFORE I LEI-T TOWN.
>> YEAH, ME TOO.
WHAT TIME'S YOUR FLIGHT?
>> 11. THE REDEYE IS PRETTY MUCH
ALL I COULD AFFORD.
I STILL HAVE A FEW HOURS.
WE COULD...
>> WE CAN'T.
LOOK, EM, WE JUST NEED A CLEAN
BREAK. YOU KNOW, MAYBE IN A FEW
MONTHS I'LL COME TO GEORGIA AND
WE CAN FIGURE THIS WHOLE THING
OUT ON HOW TO BE BROTHER AND
SISTER. BUT NOW OUR FEELINGS ARE
JUST TOO STRONG.
>> IT'S NOT LIKE WE'D BE THE
ONLY INBREDS IN THE MOUNTAINS
WHERE I'M FROM.
YOU COULD GET A JOB IN A COAL
MINE. I COULD PULL OUT ALL MY
TEETH.
>> YEAH. I JUST DON'T THINK I'M
READY FOR THE APPALACHIAN
LIFESTYLE JUST YET.
>> I'VE BEEN TRYING TO GET AWAY
FROM THOSE FREAKS MY WHOLE LIFE.
>> HEY.
YOU ARE GOING TO GO HOME A
BEAUTIFUL, CONFIDENT WOMAN. AND
GUYS ARE GOING TO BE FALLING ALL
OVER THEMSELVES FOR YOU. AND
YOUR LIFE IS GOING TO OPEN UP IN
A WHOLE NEW WAY.
>> IT ALREADY HAS.
>> YEAH, MINE TOO.
I GOTTA GO.
>> MATI'!
>> YEAH.
>> YOU ALL RIGHT?
>> WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I DON'T THINK YOU'RE GOING TO BE
MUCH HELP WITH A BROKEN COLLAR
BONE.
>> I THOUGHT I COULD AT LEAST
LEND SOME SUPPORT IN THERE.
YOU MAD AT ME?
>> I'M MAD AT MYSELF. I FEEL
LIKE A FOOL.
I LOST MYSELF.
LOST MY PRIORITIES, MY VALUES.
I CHASED A DREAM LIKE A SILLY
TEENAGER. NOW LOOK WHAT'S
HAPPENED. CAN'T BLAME YOU FOR
ANYTHING.
>> WE BOTH GOT CAUGHT UP. IT'S
WHAT HAPPENS OUT HERE I GUESS.
>> YEAH, BUT...DON'T YOU THINK
THE MEASURE OF A MAN IS HIS
ABILITY TO MAINTAIN HIS CORE
VALUES NO MATTER WHAT'S GOING ON
AROUND HIM?
>> EASIER SAID THAN DONE.
>> I CALLED FREDDIE. I TOLD HIM
I WANT OUT OF MY HEARTS 'N
SCALPELS CONTRACT.
>> REALLY?
>> REALLY.
WOULD YOU MIND IF I HANDLE
THIS SOLO? I JUST FEEL LIKE I
WANT TO BE ALONE WITH MY
DAUGHTER IN THERE.
>> OF COURSE.
I SHOULD CHECK ON DARLENE
ANYWAY. SHE'S HAD A TOUGH
RECOVERY. A LOT OF PAIN.
EVERYONE'S GOING TO BE OK.
[MEDICAL MACHINE BEEPS SOI-TLY]
>> HEY, BABY.
WHAT?
>> I'M AFRAID I'M GONNA HAVE AN
UGLY SCAR.
>> I WAS JUST TELLING ANNIE THAT
YOU ARE A VERY FAMOUS PLASTIC
SURGEON. AND THAT PEOPLE COME
FROM ALL OVER THE COUNTRY FOR
YOUR EXPERTISE.
>> THAT'S ABOUT ALL I WANT TO BE
FAMOUS FOR EVER AGAIN.
I PROMISE YOU'LL BE GOOD AS NEW,
SWEETIE. NOW AUNTIE LIZ IS GOING
TO GIVE YOU SOMETHING SO YOU
DON'T FEEL ANY PAIN. YOU'LL GO
RIGHT TO SLEEP, AND YOUR DAD
WILL SEW YOU UP.
>> I WANT YOU TO COUNT BACK FROM
100 FOR ME, OK?
>> 100...99...
[DAVID BOWIE'S FAME BEGINS]
>> * FAME *
>> * MAKES A MAN
TAKE THINGS OVER,
FAME *
>> * FAME *
>> * LETS HIM LOOSE,
HARD TO SWALLOW,
FAME *
>> LIZ CAN YOU GET ME GAUZE AND
TAPE, PLEASE?
>> * FAME *
>> * FAME, FAME, FAME *
>> IT'S GOING TO BE GOOD FROM
NOW ON, I PROMISE.
>> * FAME *
>> I'VE BEEN THINKING, LIZ.
MAYBE IT'S TIME TO PUT DOWN SOME
ROOTS. FIND A PLACE OF MY OWN.
MY KIDS NEED A REAL HOME OUT
HERE. AND SO DO I.
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THE
HOLLYWOOD HILLS?
UGH!
UNH!
[GURGLING]